If the former
Number of plums in the corner
Ling Han opened alone
I know it's not snow
For the dark fragrance
At this time, Princess Shiyu, your character is noble
The dark fragrance is refreshing
The latter is
Thousand Mountain Bird Flying
Mankind is gone
Lone Boat Kasana
Solo fishing Hanjiang snow
All the world
It's all worldly
This poem should be a quatrains through the ages
I didn't expect this waste prince
To make such a magnificent poem
Kind of interesting.
Impossible
It wasn't Chen Yuanxiao who gave the seat
This is from the poem of the immortal king Zhongjing
Fourth Prince
Can there be evidence
Wang University Senai is made in Hanaman Building
The great genius of the world who is willing to be a flywing bird in heaven
This teacher must have come from him
What poem was written by Wang University
Of course, Wang Zhongjing is my former Shixian
Who else could it be if it wasn't from him?
Nonsense, that poem was clearly written by my Highness
Hahaha
Thirteenth brother
It's not enough for you to copy a poem
You still have three copies in a row
It really disgraced my royal family
Copy poetry
Who is that?
What makes you think I copied him?
He didn't copy me
I think I might as well call Master Wang
Face to face with the thirteenth brother